The heat stopped again last night. A layer of frost had formed on the window when Nymph awoke to Crownie's call.
Packages and boxes of various sizes had formed a small mountain at her door. A walking staff pokes out from behind the boxes, knocking on it.
'Is this... your luggage?' Nymph asks, rubbing her sleepy eyes.
'I came to say goodbye.' Crownie's voice is a little hoarse. 'I have to go and find it.'
The 'Storytellers' have struggled to fit in ever since they were chased out of the Soul Furnace by Fremont and went back to their lives. Some find it hard to muster the energy to do anything, some shudder with fear to even open the door, while others would put pot on firewood and mutter that dinner was done, without ever lighting the fire. Babel doctors say patients of this 'Furnace Syndrome' require counseling, not medication.
Crownie's symptoms are the most severe. She could not forget the legendary city of Kazdel, deep beneath the earth.
'This time, I've made up my mind,' she says with reddened eyes. 'I've seen its location in my dreams. I can see the pit, the well of my inspiration, whenever I close my eyes... I can't forget it, I just can't!'
'Well, good luck then,' yawns Nymph as she reaches out to close the door.
'Wait! Aren't you going to stop me?' Crownie stops the door with her stick.
'Nah, too busy...' Nymph stumbles towards her bed. 'I'm about to miss the party in the floating city. They've thrown down the rope, so I've got to climb it...'
Nymph's symptom is sleepiness, but she insists she is not sleeping, but rather visiting a floating city by the name of Kazdel.
'It's okay. You can ask them to move Kazdel over to the pit, and we'll jump in directly—Oh no, the Lich is coming! Run!' Crownie tries to persuade Nymph, but sees a terrifying figure coming from the furnace node.
'Oh, you're here too? Perfect. Nymph, Crownie, come with me.' Ermengarde binds Crownie's wrist with Arts threads, preventing her from escaping.
Hearing her name, Nymph mutters, 'I don't need treatment... I need to get to the part where...'
'Come on, Nymph, wake up!'
Ermengarde snaps her fingers, and Nymph's eyelids fly open. The Lich waves her hand, and all the luggage at the door disappear into a cube.
'Come. Everyone's already there, except for you two.'
'Again, Ermi? I almost... I just want to see it again! Can't this wait?'
'I'm not the one looking for you. It's Master.'
'Master... Master Fremont? Wh-What does he want?' Nymph is a little grumpy from the rude awakening. 'I would've gone into the sky with Kazdel if he hadn't chased us out!'
...
'Don't worry, you'll have all the time in the world this time,' says Fremont, half an hour later, after listening to Ermengarde's report.
Nymph pouts, but dares not speak upon seeing the anger on his face. She cuddles up and rubs her feet for warmth.
'Why is it so cold?' asks Crownie. 'Did the heat stop again?'
Pohl, with a pot in his hand, replies, 'It stopped last night and hasn't been restored. This is the longest it's been down.'
'Is something wrong with the Furnace?'
They all look towards Fremont, who could not help but raise his voice. 'It's because of all your GREAT stories!'
'The revenants got so excited that they're demanding stories all the time now, night and day! They're even threatening to go on strike! You know what, forget it, why should I bother explaining this to you?'
He flicks his sleeve, and everyone present is thrown into the furnace, as though dragged in by an invisible rope.
'Just this once, I told them! This is the last time!'
Nymph's eyes light up. 'You mean we get another adventure? Yay! The floating city...'
'The great pit... did you hear that, Nymph? My dream is coming true!' Crownie keeps shaking Pohl's shoulder.
Pohl hugs his pot and smiles with confidence. 'Good thing I came prepared. I'll have warm meals anytime I want, as soon as I get back into the story.'
'Don't you dare babble on like you did last time.' Fremont smacks Nymph on the head. 'This time, I'll be watching your every move from close by. Anyone who runs their mouth is getting kicked out on the spot.'
But it only makes Nymph more excited. 'I didn't fully appreciate the opportunity last time. This time, I won't let it go!'
Fremont cannot help but roll his eyes at the excited Furnace Syndrome patients.
'Just make sure you get out once you've told your story. And under no circumstance should you promise the revenants another one, no matter how much they plead!'
