Few people know that a cell lies hidden at the bottom of Babel. No one stands guard, for the Kings of Sarkaz have set up many precautions to ensure the Sarkaz's greatest enemy can never escape. Few come to visit, but today Theresis walks through the barren corridor and opens the cell door.
'Long time no see, Kal'tsit.'
The Feline called 'Kal'tsit' does not reply, and merely continues sitting at her desk, reading the ancient book in her hands.
'Or should I call you AMa-10?'
The Feline turns her head to look at Theresis, a hint of surprise hidden deep within her seemingly lifeless eyes.
'There should be no one who knows what that string of letters means. Who did you hear that from, King of Sarkaz?'
'Amiya shared a secret with us. In the world where she still lives, you are one of her most capable assistants, a powerful aide to the King of Sarkaz.
'Of course, you wouldn't know who that is here. To you, she is merely a single Infected Cautus, unworthy of your efforts or attention.
'There's only one thing we want to know.
'There is a 'human' by her side, face hidden by a hood. Who is that?'
'I don't have an answer.'
'We never expected you to give us one.'
Footsteps are heard once again in the long corridor outside the cell, as Theresa quickly walks into the room.
'Did you get anything?'
'Nothing, Theresa. Kal'tsit never has and never will reveal any truths to us. How is that monster doing?'
'Kalt'sit's servant has been sealed by the Liches, and there is no room for her thoughts to slip out.'
'Time is running out. Let's begin.'
'Yes.'
A black crown appears above the two.
'Your thoughts are as vast as a mountain range, Kalt'sit. Without a guide, no one would be able to excavate the information they want.
'But now, we have an image, a sound, a memory. Amiya is sure that person can help us fight Originium, so we must make contact.'
'I'm sorry, Kalt'sit. Please don't resist. We don't want to hurt you. Just tell us everything you know, alright? And don't worry, you won't remember anything that happens today.'
Theresa's voice is gentle, like a plea, but Kal'tsit's memories are already flooding into the twins' souls, wave after wave.
Kal'tsit never attempts to fight back, but has long since structured her memories into a labyrinth to deter the Kings from finding the truth.
A pity, then, that the memories Amiya gave them were so real that Kal'tsit's falsehoods fail to confuse them. They shun the untouchable memory sectors and soon arrive at their answer. Theresis and Theresa say the same name at the same time.
'Oracle...'
...
Four months later, Babel follows Kal'tsit's memories and discovers the wreckage of a ship. The intelligent control system aboard is still operational, and the engineers spend a lot of time trying to bypass the system and take control. Every hatch opening requires enormous manpower, but the Kings nonetheless insist on using their scarce resources on this ship. Because of what lies within: the ultimate solution to the Originium problem. Or so they believed.
Finally, the final door is breached, and it slowly opens to reveal a humanoid creature, deep asleep.
It is the person they saw within Amiya's memories.
Theresa walks forward and extends a hand, awaiting the other party's response.
That person's consciousness is still muddled, but they grab her hand, seemingly on pure reflex. The eyes beneath the hood slowly open, and a gaze lands on the pair opposite, brimming with hope and joy.
The black crown floats above her head as she freely shares everything she knows about this land with the stranger before her. She hopes—they hope—that this savior from the past will be able to solve the land's most ingrained and stubborn disease, once and for all.
The person is silent for a long, long time. The Kings do not make any sound as they quietly wait for a reply.
Finally, a question no one can answer rings out in the great hall—
'Where is Priestess?'
