A long, long time ago, Theresa and Theresis were ambushed in Rim Billiton. They were separated for a long time, and in their time apart, Theresa saved an Infected girl.
Her name was Amiya.
She was the only survivor of a convoy crash, and Originium had left a giant crystal chunk on her right shoulder.
She could not walk at all, and also suffered a severe fever from Oripathy. Theresa could only try to patch her wounds, and crossed the wastes with the girl on her back, looking for help.
The assassins were relentless, and the girl's fever refused to subside either. Theresa could only try her best to protect her as she struggled through the barrens. When Theresis and Babel found Theresa, the seamstress was taking a breather with the girl deep asleep in her arms. Her latest assassins had fallen only a short distance away, and the arm she cradled the child with was still dripping with blood.
They rushed the girl back to Babel to treat her, and fortunately saved her life. However, the Originium in her shoulder was possibly a lifelong companion.
Theresa adopted her, and would spend her free time with the child, together with Theresis. Be it fate or her own compassionate nature, she was prepared to take care of Amiya for the rest of her life. After all, Amiya's condition wasn't the best, and Babel's medics had estimated the Cautus might depart this land within the next five years.
However, she had the fortune to make it to adulthood, and only passed on after two more decades. No one knows when exactly she did. They had looked for her and found only a medicine box covered with Originium dust, a white robe ripped apart by Originium particles, and a damaged ID card.
Theresa knew this day would come, and had long since prepared for it. But when she held the Oripathy monitoring and prevention notebook left in the medicine box for the Kings of Sarkaz, she could not hold back her tears. Theresis, too, held regret over Amiya's passing. It was more than just a shared empathy between the twins, but his own personal recognition of and respect for Amiya. For all its lofty ideals, Babel had been forced to erect its tower on blood, and Amiya was fundamentally against this: she herself was a victim of war, and never wanted to be on the side that hurt others. As such, she bid the Kings farewell, refusing any of their help, and left Kazdel on her own as a wandering medic, helping the dying and injured. She gradually formed a small medical squad that specialized in rescues in areas ravaged by Catastrophe or combat. Few manage to stick to their ideals to the very end, and Theresis could not help but think of the little Cautus tormented by Oripathy as he picked up what remained of her. He had once looked after Amiya for Theresa, and at the time had asked her if she had any wishes. She told the swordsman that she wanted to become someone who could defeat Oripathy. He had laughed, treating it as a child's simple hope, but now he truly felt the weight of her will.
...
It was because of these shared experiences that the Kings cherished their encounter so much. Even knowing it was not the same Amiya they knew personally, she shared the same tenacity, determination, and courage as the Amiya in their memories. As she floated in the air and a crown appeared, inheriting their unfinished cause, the joy that sprung up in their hearts brought them a sense of gratification.
In Amiya's eyes, she thought it fortunate to see a future where the two had reconciled. How could she not feel excitement and inspiration when she saw Theresa's ideals realized?
...
'So what did you say to them?'
Amiya smiles, but does not answer. She insists Nymph get more rest.
On the empty bed beside her, Civilight Eterna takes out a nonexistent set of pen and paper to note down Amiya and Nymph's conversation, as well as these strange stories.
She has a huge smile on her face.
