The gates of hell were opened that day.
Doctors, patients, mercenaries—all equally treated as collateral damage under artillery fire. For the first time, both principles and the bottom line were cast aside in favor of more efficient methods of killing.
Amiya survived, but the elite mercenary who helped her escape was lost to the charred forest, reduced to ashes along with his shield.
Before she escaped the warzone, Amiya looked up at the heavens—
Artillery fire continued to rain down from both sides of the sky. It was futile to discern whether it was the enemy who first crossed the line or their own side exploiting this as a pretext to eliminate the Infected.
But Amiya did not shirk her duty. When the bombardment stopped, she walked across the scorched earth, saving what lives she could, and putting to rest those who were too far gone. She was a doctor, and she would save the life before her—even if that same soldier might die on the frontlines a few minutes later.
She wanted to believe that this had meaning.
But Terra denied it and showed her the cruel, bloody truth, leaving her to weep in a river of blood.
...
Many years later, Amiya was reassigned to a special ops squad.
The leader claimed that they were seeking the 'secret to end the war'. It was a well-funded operation.
Amiya followed them into many ruins, but the remnants of everyday life of the old civilization did not pique the interest of these looters.
They were seeking a weapon that would destroy all.
When Amiya realized this, the squad was deep underground. There was no source of light in the vast space. Tidy rectangular bulges protruded from the ground and the walls, and a massive spherical instrument sat at the center, seemingly broken.
As with all the other ruins, they did not find any weapons, but the leader believed the location to be of value as an underground stronghold, and the squad returned to the surface after marking the site.
They were not the only ones who had designs on these ruins.
Amiya's squad was ambushed at the entrance to the underground facility. After several fell to the opening volley, the leader ordered Amiya to return underground and illuminate the spherical instrument in an attempt to deceive the enemy—if the Columbians believed it was a weapon, perhaps there would be room for negotiation.
Amiya rushed down the stairs and vaulted over the fence. She was heading for the lighting array that they set up during the survey when the blast of an explosion from behind sent her flying.
...
Wake up...
I must wake up...
Waking up is a painful thing in times like these.
One never knows whether they will awake to pain, suffering—
Or death.
Amiya opens her eyes to find the underground space lit up by an orange glow.
For a moment, she thought it was the light of flares, meaning that the mercenaries outside had managed to break in and kill all who resisted.
But there is no sound here.
No footsteps, no talking, no sound of flares burning.
Only the sound of her own breathing.
The spherical machine emanates an orange-red light as far as the eye can see.
Was it not broken? Did it turn on?
Like a giant eyeball, the machine gazes upon the tiny creature in front of it.
...
Amiya does not understand the question the machine is asking her.
What is 'Civilight Eterna'?
She is just a doctor, a helpless survivor, soon to be former survivor. Rubble from the explosion has pierced her body, and each breath seems harder than the last.
The Preserver asks no more and scans Amiya instead.
Civilight Eterna and Originium have come together in this little dying creature.
One exists but lies dormant. The other exists and continues to change its host.
Record... transform...
Friston's mind, long dormant, suddenly bursts with inspiration.
He decides to try to save this life.
A 'Sarcophagus' rises up next to Amiya.
Even though the 'Preserver plan' did not require extra life-support equipment, Friston had prepared a few for contingencies. Little did he know that this 'contingency' would involve attempting to save an individual of a newborn race who did not meet preservation standards at all.
The orange-red light dims. The life-support equipment before Amiya lights up.
'This is your only chance to live, little bunny.' A sound comes from the dimly lit sphere. 'But even I cannot predict what will happen when Originium meets the newborn bloodline within you. The purpose of this machine has nothing to do with what is happening now.
'I have hopes for you, but all this is contingent upon your survival.
'So survive.'
As the sound fades away, so does the orange-red light, leaving behind only a rectangular pod that glows with a gentle light, and a Cautus trying to survive.
Amiya forces herself up from the ground, climbs up the object, and lies down inside. The pod closes, and all the indicator lights turn off. She hears a hissing sound by her ear, and feels some kind of substance envelop her, yet she does not struggle to breathe. All she feels is the pain leaving her, then her other sensations, then her consciousness...
...
Originium multiplies, filling all the spaces once occupied by carbon-based tissues. The tiny crown now manifests within Originium.
Amiya does not sleep for too long, but when she wakes, she finds her vision changed forever.
Countless humans lie still within this tiny space. They chose to slumber here with hope in their hearts, but death has taken many of them, never to awaken again.
Their guardian, imprisoned in the massive orb, had built its own cage with duty and devotion, as though this might shield it from the loneliness and despair.
Some bodies are scattered around the entrance. It was the desire for life that led to death, but this was only part of the reason. More importantly—
Standing upon the land, she now sees clearly: War, famine, Catastrophe, greed, hatred, envy... these are the plagues afflicting everyone. No one in this land is whole; every year, every generation is spent in pain and sickness. In the end, disease becomes the norm, and seeking a cure becomes the illness.
What should I do?
Amiya asks herself.
Information is being transmitted...
Herself as crystal, herself as dust, and herself as ore all begin to think of an answer to the question.
They converge, scatter, erupt, and refine, eventually bringing Amiya to an ancient palace.
There stand two silent gods.
Amiya puts on the black crown and prays to the gods.
She prays for the wisdom to cure all.
It does not take long for the gods to answer.
One wraps Amiya in light, the other in black stone.
Warm, gentle light affixes her in hope, while hard and smooth rock blocks out changes from the outside.
She would be free of sorrow.
Amiya refuses.
...
The sarcophagus opens. Amiya rises from it, and the space is once again lit up.
The massive machine 'gazes' upon the crown on Amiya's head, as though waiting for something.
'Did Civilight Eterna leave behind the answer to preventing extinction, little bunny?'
Amiya does not reply. She casts her eyes upon the sarcophagus to her side, covered in a soft, white glow, then hard Originium, before finally being completely sealed.
'This is neither an answer nor salvation.'
'Absolute stasis, unaffected by time and external forces. This is enough for my people.'
'But it doesn't change anything.'
'There is always a chance, as long as the extinction is not yet complete... What is your name, little bunny?'
'Amiya.'
'Thank you, Amiya. If you do not think this is the answer, then go seek the answer.
'You will find it.
'I am... tired...'
The massive machine grows silent, and the light fades.
But before it completely fades away, Amiya uses her powers.
A moment later, Amiya sits limply before a massive Originium crystal.
Is robbing one of their future a form of killing?
But if there is nothing but death in that future, is it salvation instead?
Amiya turns around, and temporarily casts the questions in her heart aside as she glances at the innumerable sarcophagi.
Right now, she must do what must be done.
