The Anasa share linguistic similarities with the Sarkaz, but there are plenty of differences. For example, they call this great land 'Lokadhatu', and cities 'Nagara'. 'Nagara Katsidiya', in the Anasa language, means 'City of Kazdel'. The Anasa have many cities, with Katsidiya the largest and most important. It is stationed in the middle of Victoria, Ursus, and Yan, on the barrens ravaged year round by Catastrophes, and relies on an artificial oasis to connect with the outside world. These chains of oases have actually become the safest and most reliable paths connecting the three nations, and are called the 'Anasa Road'. With the countries' cooperative efforts, the Anasa Road is developed and maintained to the standards of nomadic platforms, with the amount of goods and people flowing in and out increasing day by day. Katsidiya, being the core and starting point of this meeting hub, has seen both its permanent and transient population swell and become one of the largest metropolises in eastern Terra.
This 'orderly and tranquil land' is, in reality, a bustling city.
Cloud-covered ramps have replaced the ancient elevators, and those who step onto these platforms enchanted by the wise silk-wielding 'Vidyadharas' will find themselves on the other side before they know it, not the slightest bit winded. The huge city walls planted by the Children of Soil and Stone in days past still remain, but are now covered with lush plants, their original colors nearly indistinguishable. Today, the walls' builders are mostly busy with maintaining the newly constructed aerial plates. 'Fire Dharmapalas' born with huge horns patrol every road in the city, but their main job is no longer maintaining public order—they ensure fire safety in the city, answer inquiries from tourists, and also put on fierce faces as they pose for photos together with children.
Groups of Felines and Liberis enter and exit cars parked outside the city and its connected platforms; a melting pot of races with various ears and horns live and work together inside the city's buildings and parks. In Viharas situated on higher ground, clerics with halos and monks with black rings behind their heads debate on the finer distinctions between Lateran law and Anasa doctrine. Regular Anasa, together with people of all races, make up the diverse population of the city.
Overlooking everything is Katsidiya's bell tower, standing on the city's highest plate and its only forbidden area. Most are only aware of its existence and have heard the bell, but never actually seen it in person.
'Djall Nymph, do you find the city's bell tower familiar?'
'No, not at all... but... it looks just like...'
'Like?'
'Like Kazdel's Soul Furnace.'
'To my knowledge, the Kazdel of the past never built anything with such a name. The Anasa built the bell tower you see before you, and it has always been a bell tower.'
Just as always, the enlightened walks forward while Nymph follows behind with small, quick steps.
'Do you recognize these statues?'
In front of the bell tower—that to Nymph, looks identical to the Soul Furnace—is an empty square paved with only brick and stone, and the usual greenery one can see everywhere else in the city is nowhere to be found. Four towering white statues stand within, their expressions peacefully directed towards the bare ground.
'They look familiar, but it's just not coming to mind...'
'Mhm. To us, they are the All-Four Kings of old, from before the Anasa became enlightened.'
'All-Four?'
'In other words, these sculptures depict the four Kings of Sarkaz. The ancient 'Farchaser', and his three successors.'
'—Oh, oh! Right, they get mentioned in a lot of stories. It should be Gul'dul, the 'Citymaker', Balor'sača the 'Sunwielder', and...
Nymph's eyes go wide. She had heard the enlightened's name back when she first entered this illusory plane, but only now remembers its significance.
'Qui'lon, the Wrathful Cerulean Flame. Me.'
The enlightened stops in his tracks and looks at the statues, speaking with the same calm tone as when he had first introduced himself by the riverbank with the weeping willows.
A black crown appears atop his head. Nymph knows what it means.
'This crown has nothing to do with the 'story' I wish to tell, but I know you're curious about it. Ask away.'
'Um, where I come from, there's a story called 'The Firestarter's Betrayal', which tells of three successors to the King of Sarkaz who used to be friends, but then betrayed and killed each other—'
Nymph tells the enlightened the stories of the Qui'lon she knows.
'If the characters in your story were in fact modeled on our three, then indeed such an incident occurred in this very realm.'
The enlightened listens to the entirety of Nymph's tale before pointing to his crown, as if thinking about something.
'The other two involved are in here too. I can confirm in their stead that most of your tale stands true.'
He pauses, and then laughs heartily:
'Ah, Balor'sača wants to clarify that he later regretted his impulsiveness, and hopes his foreign compatriots do not regard him as an unrepentant, jealous, and irascible Diαblo—but let us be honest, he has always been all of that, and there is no need for you to mend his reputation—'
The enlightened tilts his head, as if suddenly interrupted.
'—Yes, he's right, because that's exactly how it happened, so you should let others know that the Diαblo acknowledges his error, but does not regret his actions, haha.'
The enlightened's smile drops just slightly and he continues with a gentle tone:
'All in the past. All bygones the moment each of us wore this crown.
'We were later freed from it, but I was the last of us standing, so due to karma, it remains on my head.
'However, it allows me to realize my ideals, to carry out my duty. It granted me the lifespan to live even now—I think I would have long departed this realm had it not guided me aboard that ship back then.
But to the Anasa today, this crown of black tells only 'who I am', and has long since lost its symbolic meaning.
'To me, there could be nothing better. But the origin of the rootless ones is almost certainly not why you remain.'
The enlightened looks at Nymph again, but does not respond to her inquiring gaze. He turns towards the bell tower, or rather the furnace.
'Follow me inside. My story awaits you within.'
He then walks past the four statues.
