Kazdel looks as if it hasn't suffered a Catastrophe in a long time. All sorts of buildings line the city's perimeter with paths interwoven between. What used to be transverse platforms are now loaded with containers in all shapes and sizes. A group of merchants discuss what sort of goods they're hoping to trade for in Kazdel—some are planning to order records from their labels, some want to see the hottest fashions from the biggest retailers, some are after a batch of 'Sarkaz Spells Explained,' and some want to purchase high-quality crops to ship down south. Everyone has a special witchcraft card seemingly allowing them to travel freely within the city.
The grand building in the city center appears to be a museum, with banners hanging everywhere commemorating the centennial anniversary of its establishment. Some scaffolding remains as workers discuss with the Children of Soil and Stone how to conduct the final renovation. A group of workers happen to end their shift, and change into fresh clothes before melding into the crowd of visitors to view the exhibition. Sarkaz or not, everyone enters with a ticket in hand and no discrimination in sight. Banshee guides lead a long line of visitors to the exhibits as pairs of Goliath security guards accompany each display with their backs straight. Some crude yet mysterious ritual instruments are on display, covered with witchcraft-reinforced glass for tourists from all over the land to see. At the end of the many exhibits, the last stop is the gift shop, where you can buy replicas of the ancient furnace, copies of the Liches' notes, or the exact fragrance the Lord of the Banshees uses.
An entire area in a corner of the city is reserved for young students, with each classroom filled to the brim. Banshees teach singing lessons, Liches immerse themselves in the study of logic, Wendigos conduct PE, and Djaj have taken the role of psychotherapists, soothing the sensitive hearts of the children. The campus's green grass is perfect for relaxation or hanging out, and a clear artificial river draws in those looking for some fun. One can follow the river to find oneself at the ruins of the former Soul Furnace.
It seems at some point the Sarkaz used to power the city by burning revenants, but released them from the furnace once they had the technology to build a nomadic city. However, this ancient construct was not demolished, but instead renovated. Once full of flames, it has now become the source of all the artificial water channels in Kazdel as it continues to nourish the city.
...
Nymph rises from her bed, recalling the scenes from before.
The sights she saw right before she lost consciousness.
It was Kazdel, the Kazdel narrated by her and her companions.
How beautiful and inviting it was.
But what about reality?
Nymph looks out the window. Particles of Originium dust are mixed in with the morning mist, and she can only barely make out a yellowish-brown skyline of dilapidated buildings in the distance and the intermittent shouting of faraway Sarkaz workers.
'You're awake, Miss Nymph? Did you sleep well?' Amiya has come to visit her with some breakfast.
'Super well, Amiya.' Nymph kneads her own cheeks, 'Is something happening outside?'
'Nothing unusual. Rhodes Island just delivered some construction materials, so they're just moving it over to the work sites... Did the noise wake you?
'No, not at all.' Nymph picks up a comb from her bedside table and begins to sort out her hair. 'Right, I dreamt I saw the streets of Kazdel, from before I left the story. Would you like to hear about it?'
'Of course.'
Amiya sits by the sickbed, listening intently to Nymph's story.
...
'Oh, how wonderful it'd be if Kazdel really ended up like that.'
'I don't think it's all that distant of a dream for the Sarkaz.'
'Yeah, which is why I need to work harder, to learn more skills at Rhodes Island. Who knows, maybe I'll be the one to make it come true by the time I get back?'
'I'm sure you can do it, Miss Nymph.'
'Hehe, thank you!'
'We still have time, so why not let me tell you a story?'
'Oh, of course. You're the one who went into the revenant space to pull me out, after all.'
'You should be more careful next time. Don't lose yourself in there.'
'I know I messed up... Back then, it felt like I flew out of my body, and I saw Her Highness and the General turning their heads... Er, then what happened?'
'Settle down. Now how should I put this...? Hmm...
'Let's start with the 'Amiya' from inside the story.'
