Out in the Columbian wilderness, the frontier bases do far more than just act as visual references for travelers.
Each base has its own unique identifier, or a 'callsign'. A functioning base can receive signals from all sorts of standard communication equipment within Columbia's borders, and respond with its identifier. It will also regularly broadcast its identifier without prompting. In theory, since all bases emit signals at the same power level, a Pioneer can pinpoint their location easily. Presuming no active Catastrophes, of course.
Though the Originium in the atmosphere is fickle and complex, making the repetition of wireless signals a major engineering hurdle, there are still many moored cities that have managed to connect themselves to a base via a massive cable, which links to another city in turn.
The room behind the metal door is more or less an ordinary meeting room. It is occupied by a square table, with two folding chairs on one side, and several large screens on the other.
A teleconference room, only functional thanks to those cables.
These things didn't exist a decade ago. While leaning against the wall, Tin Man ponders the length of ten years compared to his grander view of time and space. He makes no move towards the chairs.
'Terribly sorry, Procurement's had it rough lately... As an apology, I'll make sure to do the minutes meticulously.' The employee chuckles, taking a seat in one of the chairs.
—The Kazdel Special Committee would like to begin this discussion and inquiry regarding agent Tin Man's report.
Every screen lights up with the Maylander Foundation's logo as a line of text scrolls across one of them.
'Apparently this young man over here is going to get the minutes down perfectly, so I suggest we get straight to business. As for all the procedural stuff... we can just submit the documents later.'
Tin Man gestures at the employee. He's sure those on the other side of the screen can see him.
—I suggest the committee members present vote on it.
The reply comes through much slower than the previous line.
'Ah, no need for that. I know you're all champing at the bit to ask me questions.'
—Then we will go with your idea.
'But 'a meeting agenda should be determined by the democratic discussion of a committee.' Did you all decide to give up that particular principle?'
Only after a few minutes does a response flash across the screen.
—You are right. We have democratically decided on the following: please stop trying to make fun of us. Let us get straight to business.
'Why the rush? Anything I say here can be said back in D.C.'
Tin Man waves about a cigarette, a sign that he's just grumbling.
The meeting begins.
