It has been a long time since Amiya's first encounter with you.
She is beginning to realize that she cannot harm you physically.
At the same time, she is forced to admit that while she initially saw only the wounds, there were many other stories among those she had sealed that left an impression on her. Even after being sealed, they shined bright like stars around her—stories that were influenced by you.
Perhaps she should approach you in a different way.
She tries.
Language.
You cannot hear it.
Action.
You cannot see it.
Amiya wants to understand you, but there is no way for you to know her efforts.
This does not faze her. If you do exist, then you must have left something of yourself, a projection, in the innumerable stories. Even if it is not in real time, she may be able to discern what sort of person you are through your deeds.
......
Amiya had never imagined that you were always by 'her' side.
As story after story turns to cocoon, she is almost certain that the one by the name of Doctor, wearing a hood concealing the face, is your projection in the many stories.
The darkness under the hood is identical to the one that 'Amiya' sensed in the void after the end.
In most of the stories, you were always by 'Amiya's' side, keeping 'Amiya' company, and being inspired by 'Amiya'.
You are Amiya's _______
Perhaps it is your absence from her life, combined with all the other variables, that made her into the unique being she is now.
This is not what you wanted.
And so Amiya's understanding of you grows. You are not some vast, conceited will, nor the puppetmaster behind the Storytellers.
You are simply you, a spectator to the stories being told, enjoying their ups and downs. You sometimes express your emotions without reservation, and sometimes even choose how the stories progress, but always within the boundaries of a framework. Even you are bound by certain rules. The Storytellers tell the stories to the end, while you read them, respond to them, and arrange every conflict for them.
Here at the end, Amiya senses only your victory, your pride. But at the ends of the fragments, she can sense other emotions.
Helplessness at being devoured by the enemy.
Regret at making the wrong choice.
Anger at the cruelty of fate.
And surprise at the suddenness of the end, followed by a distancing from the land.
Things have not always gone smoothly for you. You have experience plenty of pain and suffering as well.
Amiya would seal you away too if she could, to spare you from more inevitable pain.
Yet everything she wants to do to you can never succeed. In the fleeting moment of darkness at every ending, she has tried to communicate with you, but you have always waited for the darkness to pass, before your attention is drawn by the reappearing light.
Amiya has yet to receive a response, but she will keep trying.
You cannot give her the answer she seeks—how to save everything—but you are the only one capable of walking with her on this eternal, endless path.
