'Well, how did it go?'
Mudrock is back inside the pipe, continuing her interrupted work. A familiar voice greets her.
'It was still there when I left this morning.'
The revenant's joy is palpable—
'Aha! I knew I was right! You witnessed it too! Should we try and make something else? Got anything you want? Or something Kazdel needs? Or maybe we can keep going with what we talked about yesterday. Imagine up a van full of cupcakes or fried fowlbeast or something. Folks outside are gonna need that! C'mon, jumpstart that brain engine!'
'But it's no use.'
'Why not?!' Here comes the disappointed nagging Mudrock is familiar with.
'Everyone thought Amiya should know about it, so I went and discussed things with her.'
Amiya had given a really long lecture, and at her current rate, she most likely wouldn't finish her work today either. Mudrock sighed a silent sigh.
'She said they've already tested it. Illusions the Furnace creates only last a few days, and won't function outside the way they do inside.
'...Crownie also said she's been testing eating the food she secretly conjures up in the Furnace. Now I know why she's gotten thinner.'
'Pah—' The voice makes its annoyance known.
'The people of the city will keep living their lives as usual. No need to be so down.' Mudrock tries to comfort her ancestor.
'No, you don't understand. I'm a Sankta. Haven't you noticed?'
'The burning must have confused you.'
'I'm the only one of us who HASN'T been burnt silly! I'm a Sankta revenant!'
'I didn't know Sanktas could have revenants.'
'Exactly! The question is, who thought me up in this Furnace...
'See, based on what you said earlier, if I left, I'd go from being a piece of slag with a noble and holy soul to just a piece of slag.'
'...Right.'
He sighs. 'I was originally going to trick—I mean, ask you to get me out of here.'
'This place seems rather nice, though?'
'Not bad, you finally grew a sense of humor. It seems this miraculous education is the legacy I'll leave upon this great land—Pah, you've seen my 'relatives', don't you know what they're like?'
'Then what are you going to do?'
'Let me think... Ah, forget it.'
'Pick me back up,' the revenant commanded, 'and restart the ritual.'
This time, Mudrock does as he says.
'Since I can't go out, I should at least decorate this dreary space, no?
'Listen well, young lady. Your elder's about to tell you something you've never heard.'
A whisper of a gust of wind blows out the depths of the forge pipe, bringing with it a hint of a sweetness.
Then, accompanied by hearty laughter, laughter adorned with joy and freedom, another strange tale abruptly begins.
