The girl's parents spent all their days and nights buried in their research.
They never told anyone that they had a daughter. They hid everything that could possibly let the secret out. They tried to quietly sneak her out of Kazdel.
In those sleepless times, they stole a high-powered Originium fragment from the labs and other war machine parts, completing a tiny vehicle just as the war began.
The girl who no one knew about was sent to a faraway land.
Her parents knew that an unfamiliar foreign country was perhaps no less dangerous than Kazdel as it descended into chaos.
But they placed what little hopes they had on it, hoping that the girl would live.
.....
It was true that life outside of Kazdel was not necessarily better than life inside.
The girl found herself set upon by refugees, who were after the roots she had spent so much effort digging up. They recounted the sins of the Sarkaz, justifying their actions with their words. First they muttered, then they yelled, finally chasing the girl with steel rods and rocks.
She fled back to her dwelling, the little shelter her parents had built for her.
But this time, she was not so lucky—they found the dilapidated hut she was hiding in.
Her arms and legs injured, the girl stumbled and fell.
The refugees surrounded the house. With great effort, the girl managed to climb into the damaged vehicle.
In this final refuge her parents had left her, she picked up whatever she could reach and threw it at the oncoming refugees.
She threw the control stick, the instrument panel, pieces of metal she never learned the purpose of.
Seeing a rock that was turning fiery red, she picked it up and tried to throw it.
But the rock dug itself into her palm, and she fainted at the scorching pain.
.....
She woke up at Rhodes Island, her injuries treated.
Later, she had a chance to read the record of her rescue from an Ursine village that had been hit by Catastrophe.
The Catastrophe had erupted as lava from beneath the ground, and Surtr was the only survivor.
She told the Rhodes Island operators that she was not one of the villagers, but had only been passing through.
She knew nothing else.
She did not know who she was, or where she came from.
She did not know that, beneath the rubble of the ruined hut, now buried in lava, the only drawing of the family of three that her parents had left behind was now burned to ashes.
