Amiya had long understood the truth of her creation.
The salvation she sought was simply the deus ex machina that would emerge when the Storytellers ran out of ideas.
She brings their stories to an end when one can no longer think of a way to continue them.
And when she does so, the Storytellers disappear, and then reappear in another corner of the void to continue creating new stories.
This is the duty that had been 'bestowed' upon her—to bring an end to the story.
Amiya does not care what her creators thought. She simply seals away the tragedies about to happen, and continues to search for a way to save everyone.
......
Amiya had searched for a long, long time, so long that time itself had become vague and indistinct. She could almost summarize all the stories: they all began with a furnace, and a team of Sarkaz setting out on a journey, who experience many things before arriving at the end they wanted to tell—or arriving before <i>her</i>, as though—
As though under some kind of restriction.
...!
Could it be that the Sarkaz telling the stories are themselves a creation in the eyes of others, just like herself?
If so, who created them, and are they watching this even now?
Amiya gazes at the void.
......
As she continued to explore the activities of the Storytellers, Amiya became increasingly certain of their existence. Stories that ended abruptly, stories that took their anger out on other stories, stories that ended before they even began... Their endings did not come from the telling, but from something else.
......
In countless cycles of sealing and searching, Amiya met Nymph time and again, put an end to the story time and again, and approached the truth she sought, one step at a time.
Finally, for the first time, Amiya sealed Nymph away. As Nymph disappears, Amiya looks up at the void, and in that instant, when all light fades into darkness—
She sees you.
Amiya attacks without hesitation. If you could see it, you would be in awe at the speed and power held in that ship-like Originium cone.
That is only the prelude to the attack, though. All it takes is for one particle of Originium to reach you, and Amiya will extract what she is looking for from your mind.
But all you see is your reflection in the darkness.
The distance between you and Amiya is not far, but a single layer of unreckonable darkness blocks everything.
The instant is fleeting. Amiya's attack evaporates without you ever noticing.
As the light returns, Amiya senses that you are gone.
But it is a good start.
Amiya has time. She is tough, and she does not know how to give up.
If she is convinced that you are the source of all suffering, then she will never let you escape.
