Nymph is familiar with this place. The Kazdel of this story is not too far from reality. Every brick, every tile of the apartments that line the streets can be traced. Nymph deals with the story's conflict, then leaves it behind with her thoughts and friends.
......
Same old Kazdel, same environment. The only difference is that she sees a pile of rubble amongst the apartments. A Sarkaz is cleaning up the ruins in order to pull out his dead friend for the cremator, taking any valuables he might have in the process.
This is one fragment of the thousands of stories she experienced. There is a moment of sorrow, but she does not pay too much attention to this small detail.
......
Soon after being chased out of the ritual by Ermengarde's teacher, Nymph returns to her everyday life. Busy settling her affairs before leaving Kazdel for Rhodes Island, she encounters a 'familiar' building.
A certain memory suddenly rises to the surface.
She runs inside, towards the apartment in her memories, up the floors and through the corridors, and knocks frantically on the door.
The 'dead man' opens the door with a bewildered expression. Nymph can see the Sarkaz who dug out his friend's corpse through the gap.
'Our room's got a problem, you say?' The Sarkaz who opened the door sneers at Nymph. 'You think we don't know that, Djall? Everyone knows this run-down old place isn't safe. Who'd live in a place like this if they had enough scrap metal?'
'It really is dangerous!' Nymph looks for the right words while dredging her memories for the scene she 'saw'. The hand of the dead... crumbled bricks... fallen walls... Wait. Broken... roof beams?!
'Please, at least have a look at the roof beams! Your bed is right beneath one. You'll be buried if they collapse!'
'Alright, fine... you heard her, Steel Rod. Go and take a look before this crazy Djall bangs our door down.' Clearly skeptical, the Sarkaz nevertheless tells his friend to examine the roof beams. He soon hears an exclamation of surprise.
'By the Sanguinarch, this one is halfway cracked! That old Gargoyle never mentioned it when we moved in.'
'*Sarkaz expletive*.' The Sarkaz at the door curses the previous owner with some of the foulest words in their language, then puts on a smile and turns towards Nymph.
'You've saved my life, friend. But how did you know there was a problem, when we've never met?'
'Well, I have... er... a Cyclops friend.'
