The University of Kazdel offers an unusual course on Originium Arts, with a specific focus on singing Arts. Professor Aefanyl of the Banshee Court is an expert in the field, and thanks to his painstaking efforts in disassembling, recombining, and defining ancient Sarkaz incantations, the basics of these esoteric techniques once limited to the Banshees can now be learned by anyone.
Before class begins, Aefanyl includes a hidden pre-lesson test in his greetings to the students, as usual. Those who fail to recognize it for what it is and respond with a specific syllable are struck by a temporary curse, forcing them to raise their hands for a minute. During this time, his aides distribute the day's teaching materials.
What kind of song is a Banshee's song, really? This is no doubt a topic of great interest to the students, Sarkaz and non-Sarkaz alike. Aefanyl uses his bone pen to write on the blackboard in mid-air while demonstrating an ancient tune.
At first, the song is 'soundless'. He sings a short passage then stops, avoiding harming the students with sound waves they cannot hear. This is a song exclusive to the Banshees, used to call friends to their side while hunting and slaying prey.
When the Banshees joined the ranks of the Teekaz, their song changed with them. They invented a peculiar rhythm somewhere between weeping and a shriek. From that moment on, death constructed from speech and script became reality. Upon hearing this noise, all living would know the knell had been sounded.
The Banshee's song has gone through long periods of evolution and research since then, giving rise to a diverse variety of forms. Aefanyl clears his throat and demonstrates several of them: a piercing whistle that can penetrate skulls, deep and mellow sleep-talking, barely-audible murmuring, and a soothing, captivating melody. Every Banshee is a master of their particular meter and mode, and the Elegaic Court of old is now as bright and beautiful as the Convallis they dwell in.
...
When the lesson is over, Aefanyl returns to his office, where his apprentice has been waiting for him.
She is here to say goodbye. After three years of studies, her thesis on the link between singing Arts and modern medical techniques was noticed by Babel. She is about to embark on a journey, starting the next chapter of her life as a Reserve Operator.
Before she leaves, her teacher has a gift for her.
The Banshee bids his apprentice stand in front of a wall covered in symbols. This is his most important lesson, a Banshee score known as the Guide. Whenever a student completes their studies and leaves campus for the last time, he sings this song for them.
The office is dead silent. After taking a deep, deep breath, a low melody resonates from his nasal cavity. It repeats a few times, then is joined by his voice flowing from his throat. He brandishes his bone pen, circling his student with it two-and-a-half times. Once he sings the final symbol on the wall, the Guide is finally concluded.
The student sees it as no more than her teacher's farewell ceremony, and moves to express her gratitude. However, when she opens her mouth, her words become song, and a symbol lights up on the score. Aefanyl immediately steps forward and marks it.
'From now on, this is your symbol.'
With a wave of his bone pen, several other marked symbols change color. It's clear her seniors had also been subject to this 'prank' from their teacher.
'I've been learning under your guidance for so many years, Professor. Why have you never told me how this works?'
Upon hearing his student's grumbling, Aefanyl feels a slight tug at the corner of his mouth.
'This is a Banshee song. Even if you understood every symbol, you would not be able to sing it.'
'Besides, it is not yet complete.'
Doubt clouds his student's face. She can hardly believe that her advisor, one who has reached the pinnacle of both Arts and song, would be willing to show others an incomplete work.
'Don't get me wrong, I've already pushed my Banshee techniques as far as they can go for this.'
'But this is a song that points the way. With only one voice, it cannot be considered complete.'
'Please remember that symbol.' Aefanyl repeats its pronunciation, and once his student commits it to memory, he continues:
'Turn it into your song. That is my request.'
'When the land has need of us, you will sing it unbidden.'
'It is a song that resonates between all life.'
