—Can you confirm that within one of these 'tales', you encountered an event where President Mark Max issued a declaration that was a major turning point in the relationship between Columbia and Kazdel?
'I can, yes. The President used the term 'blood pact', and like I said in my report, the strangest thing is that this could only be an illusion derived autonomously by the Furnace. It certainly didn't come from any of the narrators.'
—What would you say the probability of this event occurring in reality is?
'Very, very, very low. I must reiterate that neither I nor any of the narrators are able to determine the cause and effect of what happens within a Furnace illusion. It constantly changes based on our words or the revenants', or perhaps by its own will.'
—Can it be reasonably inferred that should the opportunity arise, it could lead to President Mark Max making similarly drastic changes to Columbia's diplomatic stance?
'I can't write it off completely. But I believe trying to use the Furnace's illusions to infer how Kazdel will develop in the future is a fool's game. Which is why I didn't bother giving a detailed report of every 'tale'.'
—Why do you think that?
'Because it's essentially a gaggle of Sarkaz lunatics telling tall tales to amuse themselves. I'm sure I made it very clear in the introduction of my report that many of the preconditions for these 'events' no longer exist. Rather than trying to divine the future from illusions, it'd be better to keep a close eye on the real Kazdel outside the Furnace.'
—Even so, we cannot ignore the fact that the illusions themselves are an astonishing phenomenon.
'Hardly. Just some chatter between revenants. Why, there are four revenants in Columbia as we speak. Once we're back in D.C., I can make a house call and introduce them, if you like. I'm sure the Tin Friends would be more than happy to oblige.'
—The committee would like your opinion on another topic: in the years to come, how should Columbia treat Kazdel? How should we handle it?
'......'
Another puff of smoke slowly makes its way out of Tin Man's mouth.
'No need to change anything in the approach.
'If you decide to preemptively 'handle' Kazdel, you would be showing the entirety of this great land that we have the ability to cross Ursus, Victoria, Leithanien, and a host of other nations' territories, all to do something like that.
'There's no need for that. You might've forgotten that within our fair nation's borders, there are already countless Sarkaz who haven't been 'treated' or 'handled' very nicely at all. I suggest you begin with them.'
Besides, let's save a little face for those old eastern 'Core Empires', Tin Man adds with a smile.
—Very well. The committee has noted your opinions.
......
'We appreciate your hard work!'
Once they cross the metal door, Tin Man and the employee shake hands.
'Nonsense, you're the one who's going to have to do all the hard work later.'
The employee glances at the stack of papers under his arm and gave a wry smile.
'Forgive me if this is rude, but don't you think it's a pity?'
'Pity? What do you mean?'
'To me, it sounds like this furnace in Kazdel's some sort of miracle machine.'
'...It was built by a lot of people who had no other choice if they wanted to survive.'
'I get that... but I've never heard of anything else like that, turning stories into vivid scenes. No other witchcraft or Arts come close.'
'Well, there's the rub, kid. We don't have those sort of Arts either.'
'What do you mean?'
'What happens inside the old furnace isn't just the results of Sarkaz witchcraft. And as recent history has taught us, we need to be cautious when it comes to this kind of 'opportunity'.
'Nowadays, the people who built it to survive don't need it anymore. As far as Terra is concerned, that's a good thing. Nothing's a pity about that.'
'Hopefully this latest batch of recruits gets that, too.' With those parting words, Tin Man slips on his coat and strides out of the secret office.
He walks through the bustling post office hall right outside, which is still under decoration, and out its main door. He now stands before the frontier base CUP241.
This particular base hasn't begun broadcasting yet, and the Pioneers have yet to arrive. But by its side, a brand-new service station is being built. A pump well dispenses water, and a basement facility opens wide its door, revealing all sorts of specialized vehicles ready to use.
In Columbia, settlements form naturally around frontier bases, at least until a Catastrophe or a gang of Rusthammers tear them away.
Even so, the Pioneers will return and build everything anew.
Sometimes, it's the government building these stations, offering basic services such as mail, transportation, and Originium machinery.
But every base requires regular maintenance. Equipment must be serviced, and Originium parts must be replaced. Even well-installed underground cables may need reconnection if they are severed by sudden crystal growth.
For decades, the newborn Columbia has handled all this with astonishing efficiency.
This is the will of Columbia. That's the conclusion Tin Man landed on long ago. Every time he thinks about it, he can't help but feel a little proud.
But he also hasn't forgotten that such will requires proper guidance.
'Violations of workplace etiquette—like moving up report deadlines or scheduling meetings in the wee hours of the morning—need to be strictly regulated. Or better yet, they shouldn't happen, full stop.'
He murmurs towards the rising sun.
